Make health check timeout configurable (#1178)
docksal/docksal: docs/content/stack/configuration-variables.md

Allow disabling the DNS resolver configuration (in case there are issues with it). Set to `true` to activate.

### DOCKSAL_HEALTHCHECK_TIMEOUT

`Default: 60`

> How many seconds to give project containers before `fin project start` stops waiting for them to reach healthy state. (Should divide by 5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How many seconds to give project containers to reach `healthy` state before `fin` considers the stack startup as failed. (Should be a multiple of 5)
```

I replaced `fin project start` with `fin`, because we should (and will) have the healthcheck done during restart/reset as well, not just `start`.
